# Prime Factorization

Let's solve a commonly misunderstood problem in computer science - **finding the prime factors of a number**. Almost all modern cryptography, including your browser's HTTPS encryption, is based on the fact that ***prime factorization is slow***.

For now, let's focus on the speed of factorization, and how it relates to `P` and `NP`.

Finding a number's prime factors is an `NP` algorithm.

- When given two primes and their product, all we need to do is some simple multiplication to *verify* correctness. (polynomial time)
- Given a number, finding its prime factors is a much more difficult problem. Exponential time is the best we know of.

The trouble is that no one has formally *proven* that there is *not* a polynomial time algorithm for finding prime factors. So, we're technically unsure if the problem is in `P` or if it's `NP-complete`.

Either way, let's build it!

## The Algorithm

Given a large number, return a list of all the prime factors.

- `prime_factors(8)` -> `[2, 2, 2]`
- `prime_factors(10)` -> `[2, 5]`
- `prime_factors(24)` -> `[2, 2, 2, 3]`

1. [x] Divide `n` by `2` as many times as you can *evenly* (no remainder). For each division, append a `2` to the list of prime factors.
2. [x] By now, `n` must be odd. Start a loop that iterates over all odd numbers from 3 to the square root of `n` *inclusive*. Use `math.sqrt()`. For each number `i`:
   1. [x] If `n` can be divided evenly by `i`, then divide `n` by `i` and append `i` to the list.
   2. [x] Repeat this (nested loop) until `i` can't divide evenly into `n`, then move on to the next `i`.
3. [x] If n is still greater than 2 after that loop, it must still be prime, so just append it to the list.
4. [x] Return the list of primes, ordered from least to greatest.

## Assignment

**Complete the `prime_factors` function** according to the given algorithm. Notice how the algorithm gets much slower as the size of the input (in bits) grows.