# Fixing Quick Sort

While the version of quicksort that we implemented is almost always able to perform at speeds of `O(n*log(n))`, its Big O is still technically `O(n^2)` due to the worst-case scenario. We can fix this by altering the algorithm slightly.

Two of the approaches are:

- Shuffle input randomly before sorting. This can trivially be done in `O(n)` time.
- Actively find the median of a sample of data from the partition, this can be done in `O(1)` time.

### Random Approach

The random approach is easier to code, which is nice if you're the one writing the code.

The function simply shuffles the list into random order before sorting it, which is an `O(n)` operation. The likelihood of shuffling a large list into sorted order is so low that it's not worth considering.

### Median Approach

Another popular solution is to use the "median of three" approach. Three elements (for example: the first, middle, and last elements) of each partition are chosen and the median is found between them. That item is then used as the pivot.

This approach has less overhead, and also doesn't require randomness to be injected into the function, meaning it can remain deterministic and *pure*.

---

## What does shuffling quick sort's input do?

- ( ) Slows down the algorithm
- (x) Practically ensures a runtime of O(n*log(n))
- ( ) Makes the algorithm unsafe for production use
- ( ) Makes it really slow

## Why is the median-of-three approach sometimes used?

- ( ) To use less space on disk
- ( ) To make the algorithm harder to understand
- (x) It doesn't require randomness and impurity
- ( ) Because it's easier to implement