# Tries

[Tries](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trie) are one of my favorite data structures, I've used them often in the past for [natural language processing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_language_processing) tasks. In Python, a trie is easily implemented as a nested tree of dictionaries where each key is a character that maps to the next character in a word. For example, the words:

- hello
- help
- hi

Would be represented as:

```python
{
	"h": {
		"e": {
			"l": {
				"l": {
					"o": {
						"*": True
					}
				},
				"p": {
					"*": True
				}
			}
		},
		"i": {
			"*": True
		}
	}
}
```

*The `*` character (paired with `True` instead of a dictionary) is used to indicate the end of a word.*

<blockquote style="border-left: 5px solid #33e865; padding: 5px 10px; margin: 10px auto">
A trie is also often referred to as a "prefix tree" because it can be used to efficiently find all of the words that start with a given prefix.
</blockquote>

## Assignment

We're going to use a trie to add "prefix searching" to LockedIn. For example, a user will be able to type "dev" into a job search bar and see the autocomplete suggestions "developer", "development", "devops", etc.

**Complete the `add` method**. It takes a word as input, and should add it to the trie.

1. [x] Keep track of your "current level" in the trie, starting at the root.
2. [x] Loop over each character in the word-to-add:
   1. [x] If the character is not a key in the current level, add it and create a new nested level (dictionary) for it.
   2. [x] Outside the if statement, update your "current level" to the nested dictionary for this character (whether it was just created or already existed).
3. [x] Once you've ensured all the dictionaries exist, add an entry to the dictionary of the last character in the word with `self.end_symbol` as the key and `True` as the value. This will indicate that this is a complete word and not just a prefix of another word.