# Resizing

In the current implementation of `HashMap`, our hashmap has a lot of collisions. This is because we are using a fixed size for our hashmap.

To reduce the chances of a collision, we can increase the number of slots in our hashmap. This is called resizing. This will not eliminate all possible collisions, but it will help reduce the chance of one happening.

When resizing, we create a new hashmap with a larger number of slots. Then, we re-insert all the key-value pairs from the old hashmap into the new hashmap.

## Assignment

1. [x] Complete the `current_load` method:
   1. [x] It returns the number of *filled buckets* in the hashmap as a ratio of the total number of buckets (In a hashmap, a bucket is simply a slot that stores one or more key-value pairs).
   2. [x] If the length of the underlying list is zero, return `1`.
   3. [x] Otherwise, divide the number of filled buckets by the length of the underlying list and return it.
2. [ ] Complete the `resize` method:
   1. [ ] If the length of the underlying hashmap is `0`, make the length `1` (by just adding a `None` entry) and return.
   2. [ ] Get the current load. If it's less than 5%, do nothing, we have plenty of space
   3. [ ] Otherwise, we need to resize the hashmap.
      1. [ ] Store the current hashmap in a temporary variable
      2. [ ] Create a new empty hashmap that's 10x the size of the current one and assign it to self.hashmap.
      3. [ ] Re-insert all the key-value pairs from the temporary variable into self.hashmap.
3. [ ] Update the insert method to call resize before inserting a new key-value pair.





