# Iterating

Even though iterating with linked lists kinda sucks compared to the simplicity of arrays (normal lists), we've got to do it. Although the *implementation* is more complex and slow, we can still make it easy for users of our class by providing an [`__iter__`](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/datamodel.html#object.__iter__) method.

# The `yield` Keyword

The [`yield`](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/simple_stmts.html#grammar-token-python-grammar-yield_stmt) keyword in Python returns a value, kind of like `return`. However, it's used to turn the function into a [`generator function`](https://docs.python.org/3/glossary.html#term-generator).

A generator function creates a new function object. When *that* function is called, it executes the code in the generator function until it hits a `yield` statement. At that point, the function pauses and returns the value of the `yield` statement. The next time the function is called, it picks up right where it left off.

```python
def create_message_generator():
    yield "hi"
    yield "there"
    yield "friend"

gen = create_message_generator()
first = next(gen)
print(first)  # prints: hi
second = next(gen)
print(second)  # prints: there
third = next(gen)
print(third)  # prints: friend
```

Every time you call `create_message_generator()`, it creates a new [`generator`](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/231767/what-does-the-yield-keyword-do-in-python/231855#231855) instance. To continue from where you left off, you need to assign this generator to a variable (like gen in the example above). This way, when you use `next()` or loop over the generator, you’re continuing with the same instance rather than starting a new one.

## Assignment

The `LinkedList` class is a wrapper class that uses the `Node` class we already wrote.

1. [x] **Complete the `__init__` method**. It should set the `head` field to `None`.

No other node points to the linked list's `head` (first) node, so the `LinkedList` class itself needs to keep track of it. We'll use the term `head` and `tail` like this:

`head node` -> `node` -> `node` -> `node` -> `tail node`

The direction of flow above might *feel* opposite to what you're used to with a `Queue`, but it's really the same. Above I'm using arrows to show which nodes are pointing to which other nodes. In a future lesson when we implement a `Queue` using a `LinkedList`, we'll add elements to the `tail` and remove elements from the `head`.

2. [x] **Complete the `__iter__` method**. It should be a generator function that `yield`s each node in the linked list, from the `head` to the `tail`.
   1. [x] Create a reference to the `head` node (e.g. `node = self.head`)
   2. [ ] Use a `while` loop to iterate over the linked list until `node` is `None`
      1. [ ] Yield the current `node`
      2. [ ] Set `node` to the `next` node

<blockquote style="border-left: 5px solid #33e865; padding: 5px 10px; margin: 10px auto">
We need to change which node is the next to be <em>yielded</em>, but the <code>set_next</code> method of the <code>Node</code> class changes which is the next to be <em>pointed</em> to — don't use it!
</blockquote>

By overriding the `__iter__` method, Python will allow us to use a `for` loop to iterate over the linked list:

```python
from node import Node

ll = LinkedList()
ll.head = Node("first")
ll.head.next = Node("second")
ll.head.next.next = Node("third")

for node in ll:
    print(node.val)
```