# Welcome to Data Structures and Algorithms

<blockquote style="background-color: #041b2d; border-left: 5px solid #44a1ea; padding: 5px 10px; margin: 10px auto">
The terms "data structures" and "algorithms" (DSA) were designed to scare young CS students into eating their vegetables. -Lane Wagner
</blockquote>

### Goals of This Course

1. Learn to think algorithmically. Break problems down into easier-to-solve parts.
2. Learn to think about how to organize data for more efficient access. Break problems down into data models that make sense.
3. Learn and practice performance optimization. Make your code run faster and more efficiently, even with more data.

### What Is a Data Structure?

<blockquote style="border-left: 5px solid #33e865; padding: 5px 10px; margin: 10px auto">
Data structures are just organizational tools that allow for more advanced algorithms. 
</blockquote>

You're already familiar with some of the simplest data structures:

- **Lists** or **Arrays**: Ordered collections of data
- **Dictionaries** or **Maps**: Key -> value mappings
- **Sets**: Unordered collections of unique data

Some more advanced data structures we haven't yet touched on:

- **stacks**: linear structure (last in first out), like an array, but the idea is to access and remove elements one at a time
- **queues**: linear structure (first in first out), behaves just like the stack, but with the opposite access behavior
- **trees**: branching structure, much like a file system or class hierarchy. useful for sorting and searching algorithms

### What Is an Algorithm?

<blockquote style="border-left: 5px solid #33e865; padding: 5px 10px; margin: 10px auto">
An "algorithm" is just a set of instructions that can be carried out to solve a problem. 
</blockquote>

People use algorithms all the time without even realizing it. Practically every function you write in code is an algorithm (well, kinda), even if it's a simple one.

### A Word of Warning

Don't worry about memorizing this stuff. In particular, don't worry about memorizing the algorithms and data structures themselves. My philosophy is that it's mostly a waste of time to memorize anything that's a Google search away.

Instead, focus on understanding how DSA works at the moment. You should understand what your code is doing and why - but that doesn't mean you need to memorize the code itself.

---

## Which is not important?

- ( ) Understanding how each data structure and algorithm works as you learn about it
- (x) Memorizing all the data structures and algorithms in this course
- ( ) Learning about how to write fast programs
- ( ) Getting practice writing code that solves tricky problems