# Insert Nodes

The building blocks of a BST are *Nodes*. In our implementation, we will only use a single class, the `BSTNode` class. Any `BSTNode` is technically also a full Binary Search Tree, with itself as the root node (it's not aware of any potential parents). Most of the methods that traverse the tree will do so recursively... have fun!

### Our LockedIn `BSTNode`

Throughout this chapter we'll be building a binary search tree to power LockedIn's custom database. LockedIn's management doesn't trust so called "open-source"... *so here we are*. One of the primary features of databases is the ability to look up records by a single key, and binary search trees are the most common way to implement these fast lookups.

Each node in our BST will represent a LockedIn user. A `BSTNode` has three properties:

- `value`: The value of the node, a `User` object in our case (see `user.py`). You'll notice that `User`s have a name and an `ID`. Comparison operators are already implemented for you on the class, so you should be able to compare `User` objects with `==`, `<`, and `>` directly. The `ID` is the value that we'll use to determine the order of the nodes in the tree.
- `left`: The left child of the node, another `BSTNode` or `None`
- `right`: The right child of the node, another `BSTNode` or `None`

## Assignment

Complete the insert method of the BSTNode class. It takes a User object as input and adds it to a new node if the value doesn't already exist in the tree.

If the node doesn't have a value yet, store the given value and return
If the node's value is equal to the given value, just return, no duplicates allowed
If the given value is less than the node's value and the node doesn't have a left child, create a new left child node with the given value and return
If the given value is less than the node's value and the node does have a left child, recursively call insert off of that left child with the given value and return
Since we already checked if the given value is equal to or less than the node, the value must be greater than the node. Handle whether or not the node already has a right child